DOC-3426: Added missing flag to commands. Adding sentence explaining flag. (#288)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/tutorials/building-cordapp/c5-basic-cordapp-running.md

    notary: true
```

6. Deploy your network locally and start Docker.

```
corda-cli network deploy -n missionmars-network -f missionmars.yaml | docker-compose -f - up -d
```

> Here the `-f` flag ensures that the network files have the same name as the network itself. This step will take some time to complete.

Reviewer: ah no. Just remove what you added there. LOL

> Here the `-f` flag ensures that the network files have the same name as the network itself. This step will take some time to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here the `-f` flag allows us to specify the location of the network definition file. This step will take some time to complete.
```
